They didn't talk of Kundalini.
That is the only trouble.
And they all, that time they were all fighting.
Because of that fighting nature
nobody had the patience
to tell them," Baba! you don't fight now."
because when there is fight going on
you can't talk to them
But with Sahaj yoga
and there was no fighting.
A child saying something (NOT CLEAR)
Sahaj yoga has given you a complete
freedom
but as Sahaja is complete (INAUDIBLE)
INAUDIBLE
(Shri Mataji telling to a child) ,"Come here."
Come here!
Baba! Please come!
INAUDIBLE
That means nobody talked about Kundalini
All of them
talked about Self Realisation.
(NOT CLEAR)
within you
settles
Kundalini
None of them talked about kundalini.
A child saying something ....INAUDIBLE
There have been
very great
Spirits
At that time
everybody was quarrelling.
Nobody was listening.
They were all fighting.
get a ......
So they never talked about
basic in the Kundalini.
See the trouble.
and there we
...........
all of this
they were
not friendly with each other.
that (NOT CLEAR)
and they didn't talk of kundalini and self realisation.
They were all very
evident
but because of this
gap
the problem
became wider and wider.
None of them talked of kundalini
Can you imagine!
They say it is
Some mentioned about it in Sanskrit language.
But I have not seen.
Have you seen?
So they all knew
the same thing
but they didn't say.
So
so many got separated
and there was
a big (rift) within
each other.
Because the truth was, there is a Kundalini
And this was not said critically.
Please look out.
we will tie up that
NOT CLEAR
and very wise
very wise
Their morning starts now. (Shri Mataji pointing to a child)
Shri Mataji laughing
Music
and these grown ups
they
always stand first in their class.
And it is a very well known school.
But he always stands first.
But one thing is, he come rarely and so............
Did you give copy to Baba Mama?
Shri Mataji laughing
one ...........
sahajyogi..........this is called
SY: "This is called biting puppy."
What did he do?
NOT CLEAR
SY: "yes!"
short conversation between SY and Sir C.P
NOT CLEAR
SY:" Very old friendship."
Shri Mataji: "yes it is friendship!"
Sir C.P......I asked him
Shri Mataji: "Yes!"
Sir C.P: "I asked him how did he come five years?"
what is that?
Shri Mataji: "Yes!"
INAUDIBLE
Shri Mataji: "Okay!"
Sir C.P,"How do you know? I read it. I read about it in encyclopedia."
Everybody laughs.
Sir C.P,"How do you know encyclopedia?"
Sir C.P,"He went and came back".
Sir C. P,"Is there
any encyclopedia for children?
It is all in encyclopedia."
INAUDIBLE
.........From foreign.........the world disciple is itself...........
SY........you will be able to sing........
Shri Mataji,"......How nice she is?........
Laughter........
Shri Mataji,"Isn't it?"
Everybody laughs.
Shri Mataji,"By chance."
NOT CLEAR
Shri Mataji," ....He was saying."
SY,"It is Kunal's kurta."
Shri Mataji,"Is it Kunal's?
Shri Mataji,"You are having Kunal's?
SY,"I have borrowed it from him. He is my closest neighbours."
Shri Mataji,".........It suits you."  SY:"Thank you."
Shri Mataji,"He is very shy." (Talking about a child)
Shri Mataji," He is a very shy fellow."
It will break.
very shy, very shy
(NOT CLEAR)
Shri Mataji,"oh!"
Shri Mataji,"Did you come from Bangalore again?"
Laughter
Shri Mataji,"Did she run away?"
SY,"Yes Sri Mataji."
Shri Mataji," That is great! "
Shri Mataji,"One came by morning flight."
Shri Mataji,"And one I can see now."
Shri Mataji," Three types of..........very beautiful."
Shri Mataji," One who is a white person."
He is also from that area from Bangalore.
Sir C.P:" And it was very beautiful."
Shri Mataji," Who is there?"
Sir C.P," Come in, come in."
Shri Mataji," Who are you?"
Yuva Shakti
Shri Mataji,"From where?"
Yuva Shakti," From Delhi."
Shri Mataji," NOT CLEAR"
Shri Mataji,".............Okay."
Shri Mataji," Tell your name."
Anshu
Shri Mataji,"One by one."
Vandana
Shri Mataji,"What did she say?"
'Vandana' (name of vandana repeated )
Shri Mataji confirms her name,"Vandana."
Shri Mataji," And you?"
'Anshu'
'Anshu"
Sir C.P repeats to Shri Mataji,"Anshu."
Another Yuva Shakti,"Anjali"
SY repeats,"Anjali." (as Shri Mataji cannot hear properly)
Repeated again 'Anjali.'
Shradha
Shri Mataji: "What?'
Sonia
sonia
Shri Mataji," you come here."
Shri Mataji,"She is a great Sahajyogini."
Sir C.P: "She sings very nicely."
Shri Mataji,"She is a doctor."
Shri Mataji," She is changing Maharashtrian............"
laughter
Shri Mataji," Will it be okay?"
Shri Mataji: ( NOT CLEAR )
(NOT CLEAR)
Shri Mataji,"They ........Me today."
Laughter
Shri Mataji,"Today all of them desired, so I said okay do it."
Shri Mataji,"They
got into the mood of painting."
Laughter
Shri Mataji: "very beautiful."
Shri Mataji," Is it from Rajasthan?"
SY,"They are from Banaras."
Shri Mataji,"I have never seen."
She is our very old Sahajyogini."
Annanya you come here.
Now
Sahaj yogini offering kumkum to Shri Mataji's feet
and beautiful, because.......
NOT CLEAR
May God bless you."
Not clear
Today is Guru Nanak's birthday.
That is why
this is the present
of these people
They know they send it on the way from Bangalore.
How did they send today?
SY:"Today was puja, perhaps."
Today was puja.
Shri Mataji,"What?"
SY," Today was Guru Nanak puja."
Shri Mataji," May God bless you all! "
Not clear
First Canada, then Russia.
Canada I have not been
and they have been waiting and waiting.
they sent sixty persons to invite ME.
but I just couldn't go there.
But I must go
to Canada.
Just about a week
I will stay there.
After that
where have I to go?
Sir C. P,"Russia."
Shri Mataji,"After that Russia."
Sir C.P,"Russians are very very keen."
Sir C.P repeating,"Russians are very very keen."
Shri Mataji,"So what WE have to do?"
Sir C.P,"Russians are very very keen.They want very much."
Sir C.P," They have been praying to you to come to Russia."
Shri Mataji,"Yea! Yes Russians are!
Russians are extremely keen, very keen.
And
they are great Sahaj yogis.
Now what is happening
It is a .........nation there.
They want to work out
and have a way, not Communism.
But I told them that now your communism is internal.
So every part it................
They are all communists.
But now the thing is
It has to bring sahajyog
After communism
They have to bring
Sahajyog
because in communism
if there are some extraordinary people
extra sensory people
you cannot
they cannot come up.
but after
they seek, they take to Sahaj yoga
Then all such people who are...........
In every country there are very remarkable people and very talented
and great understanding
Every country
but the only thing is
I have to
meet all of them
and I have to go to all these countries.
So, now the only thing is that
I cannot go to all the countries
but I can go to two countries at least.
Sir C. P," President of Russia,  President of Russia, met me there
taken self realization from Sahajyogis."
Shri Mataji,"There".
End is Russia. First I will go to Canada.
Canadians have been trying but somehow, I could not go.
Canada is far away.
So,
I couldn't do that. But now I have to go to Canada.
And then to Russia.
That I cannot........
But, there is some work here
that has to be done.
Now
it is the work of ..............
................
Why did you sit at the back?
Is it okay?
Here.......INAUDIBLE
She is a great organiser.
Sir C.P:" Musician."
Shri Mataji: "She is very good at music.
and she writes poems.
and she gives tunes for........
She is very capable
We have all kinds of experts
and
I know, they will come up and spread Sahajyoga.
They can.
Now there won't be any mistake.
You will
should not say much about Sahajyoga.
In a way, he has spoken
but nothing is clear.
But now, you are clear about it and you know what is Sahaj
And how it can help the whole world.
can solve the problems of the whole world.
Of course whatever your problem you have,
please write it down and give it to ME
I would like to attend  to it.
Now will have to come to Delhi, specially will have to come
that they should spread Sahajyoga.
It has spread
but they have to spread all the more.
It has spread.
There are so many Sahajyogis
that I am surprised
NOT CLEAR
Sy,"Yes".
Shri Mataji,"..............
This is ..........
It has spread.
Where?
SY,"Outside"..............
INAUDIBLE
It is not good.
I will get you better now. Just now you can take.
Has any one bigger?
NOT CLEAR
will give you another........
..............
Sir C.P,"At Noida.......".
Shri Mataji,"Who are in Noida?
You are also from Noida?"
SY,"Yes".
Sir C.P,"I too from Noida".....(Laughter)
SY,"Greater Noida".
Shri Mataji,"............Noida".
And where is his brother?
............
What do you do?
SY,"Will YOU take Food?"
Shri Mataji,"What is he saying?"
SY," Food."
Sir C.P,"Will you take food?"
Shri Mataji,"No, sing a song." (Laughter of Sahajyogis)
Shri Mataji," There is no book."
Harmonium being played to sing a song for Shri Mataji
Music
Maiya Tere Charno ki, (2)
Yadi Dhul Jo Mil Jaye
Sach kahta Hun Nirmal Maa (2)
Tak Dir Badal Jaye,
Maiya Tere Charno ki
Maiya Tere Charno ki,Yadi Dhul jo Mil jaye
Sach kahti Hun Nirmal Maa (2)
Tak Dir Badal Jaye,
Maiya Tere Charno ki, Maiya Tere Charno ki
Ye Man Bada Chanchal Hai, kaise Tera Dhyan Karun(2)
Jit Na Isse Sam Jhaun (2)
Ut Na Hi Machal Jaye
Maiya Tere Charno ki (2)
Naj Run Se Girana Na, Cha He kitni Saza Dena (2)
Naz Run Se Jo Ghir Jaye (2)
Mush kil Hi Sambhal Paye
Maiya Tere Charno ki (2)
Sun Te Hai Teri Rehmat Hai, Din Rat Baras Ti Hai (2)
Ek Boond Jo Mil Jaye (2)
Dil ki kali khil Jaye
Maiya Tere Charno ki (2)
Maiya Is Jeevan ki Bas Itni Tamana Hai (2)
Tum Samne Ho Mere (2)
Mera Jeevan Hi Sambhal Jaye
Maiya Tere Charno Ki (2)
Yadi Dhul Jo Mil Jaye,
Sach kahti Hun Nirmal Maa (2)
Tak Dir Badal Jaye,
Maiya Tere Charno Ki (2)
Nirmal Maa Ter Charnon ki, Maiya Tere Charno ki
Shri Mataji,"Very Good!"  ...clapping
One more song!
Is it on dolki?
SY,"Yes, it is on dolki."
Music for singing another song.
La,lala,lala lalala(2)
La La.............. ................
Ap Ni Panah, Mein Hame Rakh Na, See khe Ham Nek Rah Par Chal Na. (2)
La,lala,lala lalala(2).................
kaam krodh Lobh Moha Matsar, Aur Ahankar Se, Ham Ko Bachana aaaa...(2)
Maya Me Gir Ja Un Na Mata
Maya Me Gir Ja Un Na Mata, Annay Bhakti De, Sahaji Banana.
Ap Ni Nigah Mein Hame Rakh Na, Apni Panah Mein Hame Rakh Na
Apni Panah Mein Hame Rakh Na, Sikhe Ham Nek Nah Par Chal Na
La, Lala, Lala, Lalala(2)
La, La .............oh,oh,oh
Shama Van koyi Tujh Sa Nahi Ma, Hey, Parmeshwari, Hey Shubhakari, aa aa aa aa
Shama Van koyi Tujh Sa Nahi Ma,  Hey, Parmeshwari, Hey Shubhakari
Nya N karma Bhakti De Devi (2)
Ma Charno Ak Shay Pad Dena, aa,aa,aa.....
Karuna ki Chav Mein Hame In Rakh na, aa,aa,aa........
Ap Ni Panah, Mein Hamein Rakh Na (2)
Sikhe Ham Nek Rah Par Chal Na. (3)
Shri Mataji,"Very Good!. You go in for classical "
SY," This is the new book."
NOTCLEAR
Shri Mataji,"Show it to everyone."
Sir C.P,"...........Darbari Rag, Darbari."
Sir c.P,"............"
Shri Mataji,' Which one?"
SY, NOTCLEAR
NOTCLEAR
Shri Mataji," Which One?"
NOT CLEAR
NOTCLEAR
LAUGHTER
INAUDIBLE
NOTCLEAR
Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le
Tum To Sahib Mera Mehboo Be Illa Hi, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le
Kholen Ge Chunaria, Piya ki Bhagaria, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le
Tum To Sahib Mera, Mehboo Be Illa Hi, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le
Kholen Ge Chunaria, Piya ki Bhagaria, Ham ko dono basanti Rang De
Hamari Chunaria, Piya ki Bhagaria,  Ham ko dono basanti Rang De
Tum To Sahib Mera, Mehboo Be Illa Hi, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le
Aan Badi, Darbar Tihari, More lagi karam Te Baras Mein (2)
Tum To Sahib Mera, Mehboo Be Illa Hi, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le...........
Jo Kuch Mange, Rang De Rangai, Mora Joban Girvi Rakh De (2)
Tum To Sahib Mera, Mehboo Be Illa Hi, Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le
Mohe Apne Hi Rang Mein Rang Le (2)
Shri Mataji,"Very Good".
Clapping
Shri Mataji," Now let the boys sing a song".
SY,"Today is Guru Nanak ji's birthday, would like to sing in Punjabi".
music
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu Li Ya Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (2)
Teri Chavi Ni Rali Hai (2)
Sab Te Mehar Kare, Maa Mehra Wali Hai (2)
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu Li Ya Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (2)
Tee Bhare Bhandare Ne (2)
Jholi Yan Bhar De Di, Jehe De Aye Tere Dwa Re Ne (2)
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu Li Ya Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (2)
Main Tan man war Devan (2)
Sab Kuch Den Waliye , Main Tanu Hun Ki Devan (2)
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu Li Ya Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (2)
Maa Pyar Sikhan Di ye (2)
Maa Tere Anchal  Heth Saree Duniya Saman Di Ye (2)
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu Li Ya Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (2)
Tera Pyar Anokha Hai (2)
Sare Dukh Kat Dite, Hun Jina Sikha Yein (2)
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu Li Ya Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (2)
Teri Mahima Main Gandi Rah wan (2)
Har Ek Shawas De Which Teri jhalak Main Pandi Rah wan.(2)
Maa Darash Dikha Dena (2)
Bhu lian Bhat Keya Nu, Maa Rah Te La Dena (3)
Shri Mataji," Very Good!".
Clapping